[Music]
when was the last time you spoke to her
it's been a few weeks gran mom ma she
called me a few weeks ago I think she
was scared she talked uh mom was coming
into the house
t do you know where you woman I suppose
I went out what's this I was on the
property when your grandfather inherited
it his mind wasn't there in the end
you can't put grant in home she can't
live on her own anymore she has to be
watched everything alright cry I thought
this was very good Ian who whoever it
was coming into the house
ma'am what is it it's here under the bed
there's nothing under the bed none
oh you check for me
[Music]
I'm here to helping them
I can see you
[Music]
this house seems unfamiliar
you